hey guys and welcome to Assassin's Creed
3 walk Ness monster easter easter egg so
you up you go this frontier semaine
mission and they're gonna be talking to
you monster of the sea I'm not one for
sailing but I know it's out there some
call it trackin others just a sea
monster they say it's 50 feet long if
it's an inch and it rolls ships for
sport you won't find me on a high seas
searching for the Beast that's a
guarantee I can give you but it's a
riddle that needs salt here we go now we
have both cinta three towns people
around town so and that would be all
right here it's not i'm just going to
run over there real quick
I might mess with those girls at the
moment basically you just make your way
to this waypoint over there and then I
have to listen to three conversations
you see you bet your RSVPs thing was
horrified well was he just a fast break
water came up to the surface have a
looked and plunge right back down part i
saw was 30 feet who knows how much
remained under water that's it for them
so he'll make you were here and pop
stuff down here
some old man order in a Kraken about
what a bunch of trusts been signed young
and then you'll come over here to the
very last one do your servant wheeler
how do you feel the basis so it was true
that didn't say that maybe you don't get
Wiggum right so yeah I'm sorry I can't
hear anything well you come to pay your
respects you're the first he didn't have
many friends people just didn't
understand it was a good trader good
husband I never wanted for anything so
now you I think
now investigate the traders workshop
which is it they're just have to wait a
little bit approach to show up guys I'm
sorry for running all this way I wish I
could skip it but yeah I wish I could
just run all the way there like zip like
zip line this up like fly there fast
travel not like run I wish I could cut
it out but I can't cuz my f1 sucks oh
yeah oh we got a little something here
listing of the American see hunter is
found that is the sea monster I know
it's sort of lame isn't it but they have
it as a sea monster and that's all oh I
could show you the
and I'm I'm well thanks watching guys
until next time goodbye